LUDO GAME
Author: Martin Klokočík

Rules:

The number of consecutive rolls of the dice is infinite. The game ends when one player first gets all 4 pieces to the finish line. The game can be played by at least 2 players.

The game is created in 3 classes. Only the main class "Človeče" is called in the program, which inherits information from the "Menu" class.

The "Menu" class is used to obtain information such as the number of players (sliding on a scale) and subsequently the names of the players.
The names of the players are automatically filled in the Entry field according to the names that were in the previous game. They are retrieved from a text file.
The game must be finished to have the names filled in. If a player decides to enter fewer players, a window will pop up and alert them, and possibly shut down the program.

The "Človeče" class is the entire game. The board is drawn in tkinter. Each field has its unique coordinates stored in dictionaries.
The dice roll is created with an animation of jumping images - at the beginning they are flipped very quickly, and later slower and slower,
I tried to create the effect of throwing a real dice.
When there are multiple different pieces on one field, they are split into corners. It is not possible to throw someone who
is standing at their own start. With each roll, the game evaluates whether the player can move any piece. If not, then the next player is on turn.
If yes, then the game waits until the player clicks on a piece that can move somewhere.
The game ends when a player has all 4 pieces at the finish line.

When the game ends, the names of the players, the winner, the winning color, and the number of pieces killed are written to the text file "./data/previous_games.txt".
Likewise, the winning color is written to the text file "./data/the_most_wins.txt" to create statistics on which color wins the most.
All of this is subsequently displayed in the "EndScreen" class, which automatically starts after the end of the game.

The "EndScreen" class thus contains the winner, the previous 5 games, and the most dominant color for the entire time.

If you would like to play the game faster to reach the EndScreen and the winner and try all the features, I can modify the code
so that the players are not in the house, so the game can be played faster, and so on.
If you have any questions, I am happy to answer them (mklokocik@gmail.com). I have spent a considerable amount of time on this project and tried to meet all the conditions,
if not all are met, I am happy to finish them.

If the project does not run, it may be necessary to install the interpreter - Pillow on your computer.